doc/mgr: Add cli api documentation (#42996)
ceph/ceph: doc/mgr/cli_api_commands.rst

CLI API Commands Module
=======================

> The CLI API module expose most ceph-mgr python API via CLI and benchmarking them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLI API module exposes most ceph-mgr python API via CLI. Furthermore, this API can be benchmarked for further testing.
```

Enabling
--------

The *cli api commands* module is enabled with::

  ceph mgr module enable cli_api_commands

To check that it is enabled, run::

  ceph mgr module ls

Commands
--------

> To execute the module, run::
> 
>   ceph mgr cli <api> <param>
> 
> To execute the module benchmark, run::
> 
>   ceph mgr cli benchmark <api> <param> <number of calls> <number of threads>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a mgr module command, run::

  ceph mgr cli <command> <param>

List all available mgr module commands with , run::

  ceph mgr cli --help

To benchmark a command, run::

  ceph mgr cli benchmark <command> <param> <number of calls> <number of threads>
```

CLI API Commands Module
=======================

The CLI API module exposes most ceph-mgr python API via CLI. Furthermore, this API can be
benchmarked for further testing.

Enabling
--------

The *cli api commands* module is enabled with::

>   ceph mgr module enable cli_api_commands

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ceph mgr module enable cli_api
```

To check that it is enabled, run::

>   ceph mgr module ls

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ceph mgr module ls | grep cli_api
```
